I wait until the last minute
to do everything.
I know what has to be done,
but I say, “Oh, oh,
I’ll just do it after I finish this,”
or “I’ll just do it after I finish
watching this program on TV.”
Sometimes if I try
to start early on an assignment,
I don’t have the motivation to get it done.
I think, mainly, the big one for me is TV.
Before you watch it—
You can be watching
a pointless reality TV thing,
and it takes up so much of your time.
And then you think after it, you think,
‘That wasn’t even very good.’
Many people don’t like to rely on a person
who is a procrastinator
because they know that they are going to wait
until the last second to do something,
and they may not even do it right.
I find that procrastinating
does affect my stress levels.
I’ve actually gotten a bit of eczema from it
because it brings it out in my skin
because I get so stressed.
In the past, I’ve worked on assignments
and I’ve started early on them
and I’ve started late on other assignments.
The assignments I’ve spent more time on
—taking the time to start on them early—
I’ve done so much better on them.
It’s definitely—
It’s much better to be organized, I think,
because in the long run,
you get so many more things done.
And then at the end of the year
or the end of the week, or something,
you can look back and think,
‘I’ve accomplished so much.’